Bladebridge configs manual (#1840)
databrickslabs/lakebridge: docs/lakebridge/docs/transpile/bladebridge_configuration.mdx

## Rationale for Understanding the Configuration Files

In some migration projects, users may want to deviate from the conversion rules provided by BladeBridge.  For this reason, engineers should know how to:
- Extend the converter logic
- Provide your own conversion rules
- Custom-control the output
- Troubleshoot issues

## Supplying Custom Configuration File
When running the Bladebridge converter from Lakebridge, a custom configuration file can be supplied to the converter in case custom rules or new technology support is required.  In order to register a custom configuration file for transpilation, we need to execute the `install-transpile` command and at one of the prompts specify the custom configuration file path:
```bash
databricks labs lakebridge install-transpile
Do you want to override the existing installation? (default: no): yes

> Specify the file to use for overrides - press <enter> for none (default: <none>): /projects/sourceX2databricks.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the config file to override the default[Bladebridge] config - press <enter> for none (default: <none>): <local_full_path>/custom_<source>2databricks.json
```

| from                      | Specifies the pattern to capture. Use parentheses to capture tokens and substitute them.                                                                                         | "CREATE TABLE\\s+(\\w+)"<br/>In this case (\w+) represents the 1st token                  |
| to                        | Specifies the pattern to replace with. Dollar variables from $1 to $9 can be used to replace captured tokens.                                                                   | "CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE $1"<br/>Will plug in the name of the table from the example     |
| statement_categories      | Array of statement categories the rule is applicable to. If omitted, the rule applies to all matching patterns.                                                                 | ["TABLE_DDL", "VIEW_DDL"]                                                                |
| first_match               | If set to "1" and a match occurs, stops checking for subsequent patterns in the line_subst array.                                                                                |                                                                                           |

> | catch_implicit_object_reference | (No description provided – please add if needed.)                                                                                                                      |                                                                                           |

Author: @vijaypavann-db  - I am getting rid of it.  it is non-essential and should be removed - thanks for catching it

## Rationale for Understanding the Configuration Files

In some migration projects, users may want to deviate from the conversion rules provided by BladeBridge.  For this reason, engineers should know how to:
- Extend the converter logic
- Provide your own conversion rules
- Custom-control the output
- Troubleshoot issues

## Configuration Entry Points
For each source and target technology combination, BladeBridge uses the file `tech_mapper_main.json`.  For example, it may have an entry for Synapse to Databricks SQL conversion, or for InfaPC to Pyspark or SparkSQL conversion.  These are the entry point configurations that in some cases branch out to other configuration files or inherit from base files.

When the source and target technologies are specified at the Lakebridge prompt or on the command line, Lakebridge will choose the appropriate file to pass to the Bladebridge converter

## Supplying Custom Entry Point Configuration
When running the Bladebridge converter from Lakebridge, one can create a custom configuration file and supply it con the command line:
```bash

> databricks labs lakebridge transpile --transpiler-config-path $HOME/project001/techX2Databricks.json

Reviewer 2: this is wrong, that config path points to LSP initialisation not override-file.
